docs/custom_fake_data.md, before:

Custom Fake Data
==============================================================================

This extension is delivered with a small set of fake data by default. For each
fake function ( `fake_email()`, `fake_first_name()`) we provide only 1000 unique
values, and they are only in English.

Here's how you can create your own set of fake data!

Localized fake data
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We provide a python script that will generate fake data for you. This script
is located in the anon extension directory, usually something like:

```shell
/usr/share/postgresql/13/extension/anon/populate.py
```

If you want to produce 5000 emails in French & German, you call the
scripts like this:

``` shell
$ python3 $(pg_config --sharedir)/extension/anon/populate.py --table email \
                                                             --locales fr,de \
                                                             --lines 5000
```

This will output the fake data in `CSV` format.

Use `populate.py --help` for more details about the script parameters.

You can load the fake data directly into the extension like this:

```sql
TRUNCATE anon.email;

COPY anon.email
FROM
PROGRAM 'python3 [...]/populate.py --table email --locales fr,de --lines 5000';

SELECT setval('anon.email_oid_seq', max(oid))
FROM anon.email;

CLUSTER anon.email;
```


Load your own fake data
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you want to use your own dataset, you can import custom CSV files with :

```sql
SELECT anon.init('/path/to/custom_csv_files/')
```

Look at the `data` folder to find the format of the CSV files.



Using the PostgreSQL Faker extension
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you need more specialized fake data sets, please read the [Advanced Faking]
section.

[Advanced Faking]: masking_functions.md#advanced-faking

Commit message:

Squashed commit of the following:
commit 154e0956799670f42dee118877ea7361f4deaa12
Merge: c6a30ee 88294d8
Author: damien clochard <damien@dalibo.info>
Date:   Fri Nov 11 09:56:31 2022 +0000

    [data] The populate script is not supported anymore

    Merge branch '334-the-populate-script-is-now-unsupported' into 'master'

    Resolve "The populate script is now unsupported"

    Closes #334

    See merge request dalibo/postgresql_anonymizer!336

commit 88294d8ededc6749488824812f6ff228cd3ca019
Author: damien clochard <damien@dalibo.info>
Date:   Fri Nov 11 09:56:31 2022 +0000

    [data] The populate script is not supported anymore

commit c6a30ee26b115bf0f7393d0e2e6b7153eb5a286c
Merge: 4e9da34 7ec5cdb
Author: damien clochard <damien@dalibo.info>
Date:   Wed Nov 2 14:55:50 2022 +0000

    Merge branch '325-column-is-not-masked' into 'master'

    Resolve "COLUMN  IS 'NOT MASKED'"

    Closes #325

    See merge request dalibo/postgresql_anonymizer!334

commit 7ec5cdba20834f0973180a14f2188df45077c453
Author: damien clochard <damien@dalibo.com>
Date:   Mon Oct 24 18:42:33 2022 +0200

    [privacy_by_default] add `NOT MASKED` syntax

docs/custom_fake_data.md, after:

Custom Fake Data
==============================================================================

This extension is delivered with a small set of fake data by default. For each
fake function ( `fake_email()`, `fake_first_name()`) we provide only 1000 unique
values, and they are only in English.

Here's how you can create your own set of fake data!

Localized fake data
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As an example, here's a python script that will generate fake data for you:

<https://gitlab.com/dalibo/postgresql_anonymizer/-/blob/master/python/populate.py>

To produce 5000 emails in French & German, you'd call the scripts like this:

```shell
populate.py --table email --locales fr,de --lines 5000
```

This will output the fake data in `CSV` format.

Use `populate.py --help` for more details about the script parameters.

You can load the fake data directly into the extension like this:

```sql
TRUNCATE anon.email;

COPY anon.email
FROM
PROGRAM 'populate.py --table email --locales fr,de --lines 5000';

SELECT setval('anon.email_oid_seq', max(oid))
FROM anon.email;

CLUSTER anon.email;
```

> **IMPORTANT** : This script is provided as an example, it is not
> officially supported.


Load your own fake data
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you want to use your own dataset, you can import custom CSV files with :

```sql
SELECT anon.init('/path/to/custom_csv_files/')
```

Look at the `data` folder to find the format of the CSV files.



Using the PostgreSQL Faker extension
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you need more specialized fake data sets, please read the [Advanced Faking]
section.

[Advanced Faking]: masking_functions.md#advanced-faking
